A. Choosing the appropriate data structure to hold the orderbook


1. Choosing the right memory

There are three types of memory available for the orderbook in the Sipeed Tang Nano 9k:
- Register / distrubuted RAM: similar to message_rx implementation, implement everything in register.
The advantage is that everything can be accessed combinationally, the disadvantage is the cost of registers
and also the cost of LUTs for the lookup logic implementation.
- Block SRAM (BRAM): dedicated memory hardware, good for larger storage (beyond register capacity). However, you
cannot access each entry simultaneously (it is addressed memory, so can only access one address per cycle).
- External PSRAM: Off chip, much larger and much slower. It will take dozens of cycles per read/write.

Based on the industry's focus on low-latency, using registers (distributed RAM) is the best choice. Accessing
the orders in memory will be much faster (though at a high(er) hardware cost, but minimizing this is not the focus).

2. Choosing how many orders are stored on each side of the orderbook (N)

I decided to go with a safe number N = 8, and I will see after this is implemented and works what the associated cost is 
in terms of LUTS/Flip-flops and see if I can scale it to N = 16, 32 etc. N = 8 should be safe enough that there is enough
hardware left over for the logic, and for the planned additions after the orderbook.

3. Choosing a sorted or unsorted implementation

While it seems possible (due to the low N = 8) to devise an unsorted implementation that searches for a matching order in
a single cycle, I think it's more realistic to focus on minimizing matching time with a sorted approach. This way finding
a matching order is trivial (one cycle/ O(1)), at the cost of slower insertion. It also seems to me that this matches the 
industry's low-latency focus.
Though, again due to the low number, I think it's possible to speed up the insertion with a combinational implementation.

B. Order book side

- Parameterize ordering of orders s.t. this single module can be used to construct both the bid and ask sides of the book.
- Separate errors for simultaneous operation, adding when full and removing when empty. Other behavior was possible for 
adding when full, e.g. adding only if better price. But maybe later, focus on simplicity for now.
- Combinationally provide insertion index: low insertion cost -> good for low latency! At the cost of hardware usage.
- Had to add a guard (i>0) in the else branch of the normal case insertion due to the peculiarities of for loops 
in FPGA design. Because the synthesizer synthesizes all branches for the full iteration range speculatively, it throws
warnings for out of bounds indexing that in normal programming would not occur because the out-of-bounds is not possible
based on the runtime constraints on the insertIndex value + logic. Quite interesting.
- Had to change my output arrays to packed vectors because apparently my synthesizer cannot synthesize arrays (an error that
popped up while using the testbench). After this I will always check if my module is synthesizable before progressing with the 
testbench.